- Do you think David's bought
himself a cutting board
for the new house?
- No, I can't imagine your
brother's ever carved meat.
- And if he has, it was
probably on the back
of an old DVD of Highlander.
I'm gonna get him one
for his housewarming.
- That's a nice gift.
- I am very curious to see
what this brunch he's throwing
is gonna look like.
- Do you think there'll
be chairs or forks?
- I do not.
- Hey, where's
that bag of sugar?
- Up your butt.
- Okay, nope it's not there.
- Well, you didn't
really check, so--
- Yeah I did, it's not there.
- Okay, if I look up your
butt and it's in there,
I'm not gonna be happy.
- Okay, go ahead
and take a look.
- Great, I will.
- Hey, stop it.
- I'm checkin' it out.
- No.
Hey, stop it.
- You know that you can't
play chicken with me.
It will always end with my
fingers in your butt hole.
- Well, aren't you
the loser then?
- I don't know, let's see.
- Hey, stop it.
I don't feel safe.
Stop, step away.
- Alright, but eventually,
you will have to bend over,
and I will be waiting.
Siri, set a reminder
to get Mike's butt.
- [Siri] Okay,
setting a reminder.
- Oh my God.
- Sorry it's in the cloud now,
there's nothin' I can do, bro.
You're not gonna
sleep for a week.
(upbeat music)
- I feel like I've been trapped
in one long birthday party
for three years.
- I'm just worried that
princess mermaid's gonna be late
to her live cam show.
- [Lady On Left] I'd watch that.
- I'd throw my eyes across it.
Why do they all have to look
kind of like prostitutes?
- What do you mean?
Who else would do this job?
- Look, if you ever wanna go
to a game, I'll hook it up.
- Great, I will, awesome.
- You bet.
- Hi.
- Okay, you're gonna need to
put your Rich Ison boner away,
it is scaring the kids.
Come on, cover it up.
Eww.
Mike, be honest, is this
why you had children?
- Oh, in hopes that one day
my daughter would go to school
with Rich Ison's kid?
- Uh huh.
- Yeah, it is.
- Don't take an aggressive
bite of a carrot after that.
I'm so sorry that you
had to witness this.
He's gloating.
- Hey, guys.
Make sure you get your
gift bags before you go.
It's a fish.
- They're giving out
gift bags of fish?
- Oh yeah.
- I'm not leavin'
here with a fish.
- Nobody wants a fish.
- You know what?
I'm not getting a fish,
you wanna grab Amelia?
- Yes I do.
- Hey, Izzy, before
Sophie and Amelia leave,
make sure you show
them your fish.
They won't want to go
without their bags of fish.
- Thank you so much, Brian.
- How dare you use your
child in this manner.
You know what, Izzy?
We're actually gonna pass,
but yours is so cute.
- Hello.
- Wow, that was fast.
Perfect, okay guys,
see you on Monday.
I will pick you up one
of those little divers.
- Oh no.
- You know what, and
a treasure chest.
- I'm good, thank you so much.
- A little diver.
- But I'm not getting a fish.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah,
thank you so much.
- Love you guys.
- Bye.
- Bye bye.
- A fish is not happening.
- Hey, Bubs, that seems
like a fun party, right?
- Hold up.
Hey, Amelia, don't
forget your gift bag.
- Mommy, look, a fish.
- Wow, thank you so much.
- You're welcome, enjoy.
- Shit.
Rich Ison can really move.
He got from his pool to
us at an alarming speed.
- Yeah, he's got great burst.
- Good luck trying to assault
him in a dark alley, Mike.
- I can't make promises.
- I feel like this is
a promise you can make.
- No.
- Ah, I'm gonna have to work
with Rob a little bit today.
- Does Kyle ever feel
cheated now that you have
a new writing boyfriend?
- I mean, I sure
as shit hope so.
Otherwise, what am I doing here?
I will say, I'm starting
to understand the allure
of the open relationship.
- Really?
- Yeah, you know, makes
you feel desirable again,
get your body tingling.
I think studios pick
up on that hotness.
- Probably.
- Don't worry, you'll see it
this weekend at Todd's party.
- I think I'm gonna let
you go solo to that one.
- What, why?
- You know, I don't--
- Now I kinda wanna go solo
if you're gonna be doing
that face.
- Good, oh good good.
No, I just, I don't know
if I'm up for a whole night
of comedy bits
with your friends.
They never end and they
just get more horrifying.
- I know, that's how we
maintain our adorable state
of arrested development.
- So adorable.
- Right, everyone loves it.
- I know you like purple,
my walls are lavender.
- Who are you talking too, Bubs?
- Barbara.
- You named your fish Barbara?
Does she simmer in Boca?
- Her name's Barbara T Warren.
The T stands for toys.
- Oh, of course it does.
- I'm Barbara's big sister.
She's gonna sleep in my room.
We're best friends.
(water gurgles)
- Oh, Bubs, I'm so sorry.
- I loved Barbara, she
was my best friend.
- I know, she was a very
cool fish, and that was such
a special two and 1/2 hours
that you guys spent together.
- Why did we have to put
Barbara in the toilet?
- Well, we thought that because
she's a fish that she would
like the water part.
- And so, you know what, it
seemed like a perfect place
for her final moments.
- But our poop
goes in the toilet.
- The toilet knows
the difference
between fish and poop.
- Does the toilet send
Barbara to heaven?
- Uh, possibly.
Or, you know what, maybe it
goes to the ocean where there,
another bigger fish
can eat her and then
become a super big strong fish.
- I don't want her to get eaten.
I want her to go to heaven.
- I know you do,
lovey, I'm sorry.
- Why did Barbara have to die?
- Well, it was just, you know,
everything has to go sometime.
- Yeah, and I guess it
was just Barbara's time.
- Wait, so you and
Mommy are gonna die?
- Well, eventually,
yes, but I mean,
not until we are very old.
- How old?
- So so so so old.
Daddy and I are
not going anywhere.
- No.
- Alright, I am
gonna go jump some rope.
So I don't know if there's
anyone in here that's interested
in anything like that,
honey, kinda looking at you.
- I want to.
- Alright, well, I
guess she's in, sorry.
- Okay, go grab the rope.
- Okay.
- (bleep) Rich Ison.
(uptempo music)
- So do you feel like a
thousand years old now that
your younger brother
is a home owner?
- No, I am thrilled because you
owe me for years of hosting.
I will bring ice
on Sunday, David.
Enjoy your new house.
- I don't care for
you particularly.
- Actually, I don't
think that's true.
I think you care
for me immensely.
I think it makes you
uncomfortable how
much you love me.
- Mommy?
That man is old, right?
- Yeah, I guess.
Here, why don't you pick
out some green apples.
- I'm not serving apples.
- Alright, I was
talking to Amelia.
In all seriousness, I
know you have no idea
what you're doing.
Do you need some help on Sunday?
- Mommy, he's really old.
He's gonna die soon, right?
- I gotta go.
- [Todd] Wait, what is happ--
- Right, Mommy, he's gonna die.
- Well, you know what, yes.
He is older and older
people die sooner,
so yes, he probably
will die soon'ish.
- That's what I thought.
- Okay, you know what, let's
head to the freezer section.
- But I want apples.
- I don't think the
apples are so thrilled
with us right now.
Sorry.
Okay, wait, so
everyone's fish died?
- The kids are devastated.
- Oh my God, I can't believe
an entire kindergarten class
is having to confront the
concept of death because
of Rich Ison's
shit party favors.
- Yeah, after drop off, I'm
gonna go pick up our new cat
from the shelter.
- Oh my God, you have to
now get an actual animal
in your home?
- Well, I have to
make up for the death
of our first pet, Andrea.
- Oh.
- Did your fish get a name?
- Oh, you mean Barbara?
Is that who you meant?
- Oh, I didn't know that I
was referring to Barbara,
- Yeah.
- But yeah, Barbara.
- She used to run a hair
salon out in Thousand Oaks
- Oh no.
- before she came to us.
- How are people gonna get
their, you know, perms?
- A lot of angry frizzy-haired
people out in the Valley.
- Not only did ours get a name,
but Grenadine was laid out,
and what seemed like 200
beanie boos showed up
to pay their respects.
- Oh, yeah, we had
a lot of very sad,
and very long-winded
Jedi knights.
- You know what, it's
actually a little touching
that Jedi knights would sort of
be this emotional.
- Yeah, be there.
- Yeah, well they
have the Force.
- Not the force to
keep that fish alive.
- We all had a tough weekend.
- You know what, Brian?
At least you guys are Catholic,
because Grenadine's up there
livin' the life in heaven.
Poor Barbara's being
digested by a monkfish.
That's how I left
it with Amelia.
- It's very Biblical, you
know, Jonah and the whale,
et cetera, et cetera.
- I thought you
weren't religious.
- I'm not, but I read the Bible.
I wanna know what you
weirdos are talkin' about.
- Good morning.
So we heard what happened this
weekend, and we just wanted
to let you know we put some
time aside for the kids to talk
about their feelings.
- Oh, okay.
- Thanks for letting us know.
- Of course.
- They have to change up
their whole lesson plan now
because of this?
- (bleep) Rich Ison.
- How is that mustache my
daughter's kindergarten teacher?
- Hey, are you
getting Brad anything
for his birthday Saturday?
- No, I'm not in love with him.
- Wait a minute, you got me
something for my birthday.
- Yeah, 'cause I'm
obsessed with you.
- Ooh.
- Barf.
- Hey.
- Hey guys.
What's up, what can I get you?
- Hi Amy, can I get a
vanilla latte please.
- Americano please.
- Got it, that's $7.50.
- Do you have cash?
- Uh, yeah, it's up your butt.
- Oh, um, my hands are full,
do you mind gettin' it for me?
- No I do not, take
your pants off,
I'll three-knuckle ya up there.
- Oh really, all three
knuckles, right up my butt hole?
- I could for four,
I'll get up in there.
- Sure, yeah, I'll
take my pants off.
- Um, actually, you can't take
your pants off here, sorry.
- We could go in the bathroom.
- Let's get in the bathroom.
I just need the time and space
because I will be getting
very deep up there.
- Oh no, I know your
technique, obviously,
you wanna get right in there
and expand
- And I will be
spreading my fingers.
- Oh, of course.
- I'm sorry.
I just wanted to get a muffin.
- Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
Obviously, go ahead please,
I will pay for your muffin,
and our coffees, Amy, sorry.
- Night, tootsie roll.
- Goodnight, smooch de la rooch.
See ya in the morns, corns.
(gives kisses)
God, it's really disgusting
how this kid doesn't
get any love.
- So sad.
- Mommy, what's gonna happen
to me when you and Daddy die?
- Aw, Bubs, again, you don't
really need to worry about that
until we're so old, and by
then, you're gonna be a grown up
and you're gonna be
like, I don't even need
those two anymore.
- Not everyone dies
when they're old.
Toby's aunt died when she was
23 from eating too much sugar.
- Yeah, I'd love some more
details on that story.
- Will I go live with Grammy?
- No, I mean, probably
not, because you know,
Grammy's getting a
little older, and so--
- So she's gonna die soon.
- No, Grammy is
not going anywhere.
Everybody is fine,
nobody's dying.
- This is fun.
- But she's gonna die
before you, right?
- Well, yes, most likely because
that's the way
the generations go.
- Who am I gonna live with then?
- Well, you wanna know?
Again, this only
happens in an emergency,
but Daddy and I have discussed
it and you would go live
with Uncle David.
- Really?
- Again, this only happens
if Daddy and I are gone.
- Okay, great.
- Wow.
- Don't look at me, I've
been dead for years.
- Well, our daughter's
going to be fine if we die.
- What?
- Yeah.
I might even say she's
giddy with the possibility.
When I told her that she would
go live with Uncle David,
her eyes literally lit up
with the idea of a future
she didn't even
know was possible.
- Come on.
- Oh, no no, I was there.
That's when she just
breezed past my death.
- Just right past.
- Well, I guess we should
be sort of relieved, I mean,
we want her to be
comfortable with who she
ends up with, right?
- I know, I think this is just
like her little subconscious
giving her a coping
mechanism in case
something terrible happens.
Breaks my heart to think
she's walking around
worried about this.
- Yeah, me too.
- Mom, what did you tell me
about death when I was little?
Do you remember how sad I
was when Candy Purple died?
- I remember how sad our cat was
when you named her Candy Purple.
- Ooh, cool burn, Mom,
cha cha cha.
- Well, I just said
that she got super tired
and then she fell asleep.
- So you equated sleeping
with dying, to a child?
Oh, that's weird,
that's around when
my crippling insomnia started.
I'm sure totally unrelated.
- Well, there's just no
easy way to explain death
to a child.
- No, there isn't.
By the way, I'm gonna need
you to give me all your
end of life directives, 'cause
you're not gonna want me
out there goin' rogue.
- I don't care what you do
with my body after I die.
- Really, is that a promise?
- But if I ever go into
a coma, don't you dare
pull the plug.
- Even if you're like
totally unresponsive,
you just wanna lie there
hooked up to machines,
unable to communicate
with anyone?
- Well, haven't you ever heard
about those people who go
into a coma for like 30
years and then suddenly
they wake up?
- Sharon, how long do you
think you would end up living?
- I don't know, 15 or 20 years.
- This plan sounds flawless.
Just so you know, I have
given Mike full license
to end my life immediately,
as soon as I need a plug,
I want it pulled.
- Oh stop it.
- What, I have no interest in
lying there, alive but trapped
in my body with
just my thoughts.
- Well, your thoughts,
then I can understand.
- Woo, two in one, oh.
- See ya tomorrow.
- Bye, I'll be working on my
plans for when you're dead.
(up tempo music)
- Your mom wants to be
kept alive in a coma?
- Yeah, and then
thinks she's gonna live
another lifetime after that.
- No no no no no, the only
thing that's gonna happen
to your mom is that
she's gonna get fingered
by all those male nurses.
- Pretty sure that's
her motivation.
- Oh really?
- You've met my mother.
- Hey guys, aloha.
- Oh, I don't know if all
of us have thanked you
appropriately for inviting
us to the tropics.
I mean, what you've done here--
- If you're gonna go to Hawaii,
you (bleep) go to Hawaii.
(everyone laughs)
- Ahem, I've decided I'm
donating my body to a body farm.
- Uh uh um.
- I wanna make
sure you all heard.
- No worry, we're not talking
about death for five minutes.
- What the (bleep) is a body fa?
- It's exactly what
it sounds like.
- A body farm is one of
those farms where they
grow delicious food in the
compost of human bodies.
- No no no no, it's where
scientists study how
different bodies decompose
in different environments
for forensic purposes.
- Oh, not at all what a
body farm sounds like.
A body farm to me sounds
like people just like nude
and tilling the lands.
- Nude.
- Yeah, boy.
- Yeah, boy, aloha.
- No, no.
- I don't know why people are
so freaked out about death.
We're all gonna die, so let's
just like live with our fear.
- Oh, did you just YOLO us, bro?
- Yeah, yeah I did,
if you don't like it,
you can suck my dick.
- Well.
- It's actually
interesting you bring that
up, because my new YOLO is
I'm not leaving a party
'til I get my dick sucked.
- Oh.
- Oh, I like that.
That's sweet.
Brad, you're closest
to Don, suck his dick.
- That makes sense, sure, go
ahead and take your pants off.
- Okay, fine, yeah.
You know, I was actually
getting ready to leave,
so this kind of
works out perfectly.
- Yeah, we've been trying
to figure out how to get you
outta here, so it's
kind of a twofer for us.
- I will be honest, we
are ready for you to go,
so pull out your D.
- So I'm gonna take out my
dick, and then you're gonna
put it in your mouth, and
you're gonna suck my dick.
- You're gonna stop talkin',
and I'm gonna start suckin'.
- It's time.
- Alright, well I'm doin' it.
Okay, alright.
- Alright.
Come on, let's have a par--
(uptempo music)
Well, I don't think
that is something
that we will ever un-see.
- I just don't know how
you come back from that.
- I don't think you'll
come back the same,
I think you just accept
that you're in a new
reality, and that life
is just different now.
- At what point did
you realize that it was
- That we were goin'
- seeing.
- For it?
- Yeah.
- I think it was
tongue out and dick out
and then the lean over,
- The lean.
- is when I
started to go, alright, we're
goin' to uncharted territory.
- God, Corinne has it the
worst out of all of us though.
- I don't think
there are gradations
of who had it the worst.
We were all equally traumatized.
- No, she doesn't drink, so
she's gonna have the full-on
just sober recollection of
everything that just happened.
- She was stone cold,
mouth on dick sober.
I'll be honest, I thought
my daughter wanting me dead
was gonna be the
most memorable thing
that happened this week.
- No, this is it.
- Glad to see that was
- Yeah.
- Outshined.
- I think that actually was
a bit that went too far.
- Yeah, yeah, wow.
- On a separate note,
Todd's dick is like
- So big.
- Really big.
- Right, why is he
not more confident?
- On the other hand, it did
sort of reverse engineer
a way for us to all see
his dick as really big.
- (bleep).
Now I kinda wish I'd
taken a closer look at it.
- I got a good, close look.
- You were at a better spot.
- Yeah, I had primeage poi.
It was like--
right there.
- The way his mouth
was just on it.
- Oh, it was just on it.
- Wow, I'm so glad I
wasn't at that party.
- I'm actually starting
to have a new appreciation
for why these parties are
so uncomfortable for you.
- Oh, that's all it took?
- It was just, you know, quick
dick lick between friends
to make me see the light.
- Right.
- I feel like
Gandhi's even said that, like
that's how you see the light.
You see two friends quickly
lick dicks and then suddenly
your whole world opens up.
- Mommy, when I go live with
Uncle David, do you think
he will let me have soda?
- Okay, Daddy and I are not
going anywhere, Bubs, okay.
You are not actually
moving in with your uncle.
- But one day I could.
I'm gonna show Walter
Uncle David's house.
- Great.
Well, I think one
could categorize that
as a skippin' one step.
- You're right, she seems
very okay if we die.
- Okay, she is planning
our imminent demise.
I'm gonna start putting napkins
on top of all my drinks.
- Smart.
- In all seriousness though,
are we like totally prepared
if something terrible like
actually happens to us?
- We're as prepared
as we can be, I guess.
- I know that you have
a life insurance policy,
and we decided that my
life was worth nothing,
so it didn't make sense
for us to get one.
But maybe, you know,
we look into getting me
just like a small one.
I want Amelia to have
at least a little
walking around money.
- Walking around money?
- Yeah, I don't want her to
have to go to David for like
every single little
thing she wants.
He'll end up buying her a
Lennox phone and then nothing
to wear to prom.
- Aw, you're a good mom.
- Aw, it only took you
six and 1/2 years for you
to admit that.
- But obviously we can't let
her know that there's any money
on the line.
- God no.
- I really like this table.
- Yeah, it's nice.
Oh shit.
- What's wrong?
- I've been waiting a week
for you to bend over and then
after what I experienced last
night, the thrill is gone.
- I mean, that works out for
me, so I'm not complaining.
- You know what, that's actually
very selfish of you, Mike.
- I'm okay with that.
- Good, well stop just
thinking about yourself.
- [Mike] Your place looks great.
- Oh thank you,
and for the lady.
- What?
- I'm sorry, I'm sort of
getting into the spirit
of like having people over
and like taking care of stuff.
It's not gonna last for long.
- You just called me a lady?
- I mean, that's a loose
term I'll throw around.
- I mean, David, I can't
believe you have like a couch
and, what is this, an area rug?
- Yeah, I am a grown ass man.
- Okay, grown ass men do not
use the word grown ass man.
- I don't think you have
any empirical proof of that.
- Actually, you know what I do.
I did a scientific
double blind study.
It was peer reviewed.
It got great reviews
from all the peers.
You wouldn't believe how
much empirical proof I got.
- Are you happy
with yourself now?
- Actually, I do feel
pretty good about myself.
- Honey, I wanted to tell
you, I think you're doing
very, very well.
- Oh God.
- Oh no, Mom is defending me.
- Okay, sell your
house, get out now.
- Alright, what is wrong
with me defending David?
- Whenever you defend him,
it's clear that you don't think
he's actually doing well, and
you're desperate for him not
to know the truth.
- Oh come on, I just
think, you know,
he's doing very, very well.
- No, whoa, Mom.
- Aah, oh my God, no.
- Please stop
defending me, okay.
I think at this point I
should just burn my house down
and take the insurance money.
- I honestly think
it's your only option.
- Come on.
- I will help you.
I will light the matches.
- I'm getting more coffee.
- Okay.
- Mom, if you could
just backtrack and say
negative stuff about the house.
- Tell him something terrible.
Just do it.
- What are you doing?
Hey, I wasn't even bending over.
- Well, the thrill is gone,
but it's not forgotten.
- Uncle David, I found my room.
It's really big and
it's got a fireplace.
- Uh, Bubs, actually
I'm guessing
that's probably
Uncle David's room.
Is that your room
with the fire place?
- Yeah.
- You know what, there's
another room down the hall.
Why don't you
check that one out.
- Okay.
- Why's your daughter pickin'
out a room in my house?
- Because she's currently
planning our untimely demise,
and you're her guardian, and
she will be living with you,
so she needs a room.
- Wait, I'm her guardian?
- Yes, David, we
asked you years ago.
- Really?
- I'm concerned that
you don't know this.
- We sent you paperwork.
- Yes.
- Oh God.
- Oh God?
- That's right.
I'm sorry, would you
mind holding off on dying
for a little while, because
I was planning on having like
an at-home workspace here.
- You know, let us know
when it's convenient for you
and then we'll try to plan
on killing ourselves then.
- Thank you, that'd be great.
- Don't say I never
did anything for you.
- Okay, Mommy,
I'll take that one.
- I think it's nice your
uncle giving you a room
in the house.
- Well, actually, it's
only if something terrible
and unexpected happens
to me and Mike.
- Again, it's unlikely
anything will happen
until we're very old.
- Well, not always.
My best friend died
when he was seven,
drowned right in
front of my eyes.
- Leon.
- What?
I'm just sayin', things happen.
- Wait, a kid can die?
- Well--
Technically--
Yes.
You know what?
I think we all just
needed a new pet to help
clear our minds.
- Yes.
- Saul looks so happy
in his new house.
- You're right, Saul
does look very happy.
- Mommy, he doesn't
want you to die.
- Aw, tell Saul that I
appreciate that, Bubs, mwah.
- I think he wants more carrots.
- You know what, why
don't you grab him some.
- Okay.
- Alright, good.
- (bleep) Rich Ison.
- I feel like I still see a
little bit of an Ison boner.
Oh, Saul's really
starin' right at it.
I knew I was gonna be
friends with this guinea pig.
Saul, you're my people.
- Really, 'cause Saul is
my grandfather's name.
Saul Benchman Metermanders.
- Okay, that can't
be a true story.
Hi, Amy, how are you?
- Good, what can I get for you?
- I will have an
almond milk latte.
- Regular person latte.
- Got it, that'll
be eight bucks.
- Do you have cash?
- Yes, yes I do, right
here in my wallet.
- I'll pay you back later.
- That will be
wonderful, thank you.
Here is cash from my wallet.